You’ll Never Believe This!!!
Published on November 04, 2006.
For some reason, Bill Clinton, Bill Richardson, Jeff Bingaman, and Marty Chavez all called my house today!
It’s like we’re some kind of important political family!
Seriously, does the Kennedy household even get this kind of attention?
Unfortunately, I didn’t pick up the phone, but all of those highly important political people took the time to leave messages on my answering machine.
I feel so honored!
I’m never deleting those messages!
All I can say is get out there and vote.
If Bill Clinton has the time to call up little ol’ me, then I can tell you for a fact that every single vote counts!
I’m Hung Truong, and I approve this message.